Watermelons are sold
Selling watermelons is not sweet and costs no money.
Come and buy it.
Hello Assistant Sun
Do me one thing
Assistant Director Jiang Sun
Mr. Gu, why are you here?
Assistant Sun, you got the wrong person again, eh?
You look so much like our Mr. Gu.
Director Jiang, what a coincidence, Assistant Sun, what are you doing here?
Oh, me.
I'm here to travel
We don't look like a place to travel
I just heard someone shouting about selling watermelons.
So you are selling it?
Ahhh, this watermelon was planted by my mother herself
Assistant Sun, if you like it, I will give you a few.
No, no.
I'll take the watermelon!
Buy it all, buy it all
Assistant Sun bought so much food
Of course finished
There are so many of us.
What are you doing, moving watermelons?
Doudou
The watermelons are sold out, you come and go shopping with your mother.
I'll load the car
Thank you for your hard work, Mr. Gu.
Ginger cabbage, you fox spirit
He actually hooked up Brother Zhenting to the countryside
Wait until you become ugly
I'll see if he still likes you
You can do it.